clarification on timestamp values - Intercom classic (#4751)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/intercom/index.md

Keep reading for more information about the Identify call depending on the source type you send it from.

> When you send a field into Intercom that has a timestamp as the value, Segment will convert the timestamp to UNIX and will append the suffix `_at` to the field name in order to tell Intercom that the field holds a timestamp value rather than a number. This is per Intercom's recommendation here: https://www.intercom.com/help/en/articles/3605703-how-dates-work-in-intercom. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you send a field that has a timestamp as the value to Intercom, Segment converts the timestamp to the UNIX format and appends the suffix `_at` to the field name. This instructs Intercom that the field holds a timestamp value rather than a number. For more information, see [How Dates work in Intercom](https://www.intercom.com/help/en/articles/3605703-how-dates-work-in-intercom){:target="_blank"}. 
```
